hello raise them then as you the
see I'm subconscious outssakki that
vincent barber jobs of the factor
so here I am not going to be very
original by telling me that I say a
thank you very much from the bottom of the
heart a big thank you because
we have passed the lions of view we have
outright two first 200 subscribers
today françoise gay 30 subscribers by
blessed day by gourdon it's still
huge
the team and I tell you a great
thank you where it's a big kiss so for
celebrate this million views and small games
organized by my phishing partner
and myself with her or a value of
90 years has won for you only for you
do not like and that's lot in the lot there
are two engines that were worth seeing them not
there I am the god of fire
there is a ladybug there is
there is an era also of copan values
it's at the top of top limited edition
there are only 10 that says like that
in mm colors there is the world pays the
world that it's the same it was their
own language
we only made 10 color series
similar limited there is a peach t-shirt and
two years ago that hack of the tongue of
stickers our the blade of the moor 35
mm
so to win it's not complicated there
there will be just a little video after that
so here I pay a cape you think
no length was occupying yourself
assume
if it is the awakening will occupy you estimate
the length of this map you me
give your answer in private message
only tired but I will not take
not the answers
5 comments absolutely not in
effect on my account or on my page and
you share the video
these are the two conditions to win
to the nearest millimeter the one that is
stack on top of a winner the michel lot
nouaille files and now we go where
there sheila bair
here is the dawn to you to play